feat(publisher): configurable SkipBlock window for duplicate blocks (#2877)
hiero-ledger/hiero-block-node: docs/block-node/configuration.md

| PRODUCER_PUBLISHER_UNAVAILABILITY_TIMEOUT | The time in seconds to wait when we have no active publishers before sending a publisher unavailability timeout status update. Must be ≥ 0.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |                       300 |
| PRODUCER_STALE_RESEND_PRUNE_BUFFER        | Number of blocks behind `lastPersistedBlockNumber` that a `blocksToResend` entry may sit before `handlePersisted` prunes it. Entries within the buffer are still considered fillable by a publisher; entries older than the buffer are dropped (the gap is owned by backfill at that point). Set to ~CN block-history depth. Must be 0 ≤ value ≤ 200.                                                                                                          |                       100 |

> | PRODUCER_FLOW_CONTROL_PAUSE_DELAY_NANOS   | Duration in nanoseconds that `onNext` parks the request-processing thread when a request arrives while the handler is paused. The handler is paused as part of the staged shutdown sequence, which schedules the actual shutdown to run after a fixed delay; parking the next incoming request prevents it from racing that pending shutdown and lets any final outbound messages flush before the connection closes. Must be 100,000 ≤ value ≤ 5,000,000,000. |               100,000,000 |

Reviewer: Similar here:

```suggestion
| PRODUCER_FLOW_CONTROL_PAUSE_DELAY_NANOS   | Duration in nanoseconds that `onNext` parks the request-processing thread when a request arrives while the handler is paused. The handler is paused to signal flow control txoff to the networking layer (which can then exercise flow control at the HTTP layer by not refilling the frame window). Must be 100,000 ≤ value ≤ 5,000,000,000. |               100,000,000 |
```
